docs: add cloud hosting docs (#466)
urbit/urbit.org: content/using/install.md

Urbit is not yet ready for everyday users — but if you're technically inclined or generally intrepid, feel free to try it out. It's a good place to explore.

## Overview

There are two major components of the Urbit ecosystem: **Urbit OS** and **Urbit ID**.

The the Urbit peer-to-peer (p2p) network is composed of instances of Urbit OS -- called **ships** -- that are virtual machines that run on any Unix platform.

Urbit works as a p2p network where others fail because ships are associated with persistent and scarce identities that we refer to as Urbit IDs. The Urbit ID registry is deployed on the Ethereum blockchain, and individual IDs exist as non-fungible ([ERC-721](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-721)) tokens.

On the network, Urbit IDs function as network addresses, represented by pronounceable names like `~padmyn-pasnux`. There are a few kinds of Urbit ID, but ones meant for typical users are called **planets**. Anyone who has a planet can be thought of as a full "citizen" of the Urbit network. But to run your ship on the network, you need to start it with a piece of cryptographic information from its Urbit ID. This guide walk you through getting onto Urbit with an ID.

> There are also free IDs meant for temporary use called **comets**. They are good for bots and people who are new to Urbit and want to check out the network, but they aren't good for building a reputation as a friendly and responsible peer. Their long names make them difficult to remember and their low default reputation makes them less likely to get over the air updates. Some communities ban comets to prevent spam, but they're still a good way to see what Urbit is about before buying your own planet.

Reviewer: Object to saying comets are for temporary use.  Comets have many potential uses completely tangential to a sort of trial mode of urbit.

Reputation is not what prevents them from getting OTAs.

Author: What prevents them from getting OTAs? I asked on chat and someone told me it was because they don't get prioritized for compute since they have low default reputation.

Author: I'll change the language to remove 'temporary'

Once WSL 2 is installed, open a Linux terminal in Windows and then follow the Linux installation instructions above. For performance reasons, do not install Urbit in the mounted Windows volume, but install it in the Linux file system. For example, in your home directory, by typing `cd ~`.

## Launching Urbit

Now that you have Urbit installed you can start it up with an ID.

If this is your first time using Urbit, it'll be easiest to start with a comet in order to get on the network.

### Comet: Install and Setup {#comet}

If you don't have your own Planet ID, but still want to try out the Urbit network you can launch a comet.

**Comets** are temporary 128-bit or 16 syllable Urbit IDs, that look like:

`~dasres-ragnep-lislyt-ribpyl--mosnyx-bisdem-nidful-marzod`

> Comets are disposable, free identities that anyone can make to join the live network and try things out.

Reviewer: Same objection to the phrasing here. Better might be "and can be used to try things out."

Comets are disposable, free identities that anyone can make to join the live network and try things out.

### Booting a comet

> To boot a new comet, go into the command line and run the following command from the directory that was created during Urbit installation:

Reviewer: extremely minor, but why was new removed?

Author: I don't think it was - I think this is a github diff bug.

You can send and receive messages here, just like any other chatroom.

## Getting an Urbit ID (Planet or Star)

Tlon doesn't currently sell or distribute Urbit IDs, but there are a few ways to get your own:

- Getting an invitation from a friend
- Purchasing an Urbit ID from a third party, such as [urbit.live](https://urbit.live), [OpenSea](https://opensea.io), [planet.market](https://planet.market/), or [Urbit Marketplace](https://urbitmarketplace.com/).

Note that if you buy a planet from opensea you may have to change its star, ask around in the `urbit-community` chat as a comet first for help before purchasing.

> 

Reviewer 2: This is a good opportunity to link to the section about escaping your sponsor.

### The Urbit ID Wallet

Your Urbit ID is actually yours. As long as you control its cryptographic secrets, nobody can take it away from you. That's why it's important to know a little bit about the cryptographic architecture of Urbit secrets.

Urbit ID secrets operate as a system of separate but hierarchically related Ethereum key-pairs. For any given ID, this system of key-pairs is referred to as a **Hierarchical Deterministic (HD) Wallet**. the Urbit HD wallet. Each of these Ethereum addresses have different powers over the same identity, from setting networking keys for communicating in the Urbit network to transferring ownership of identities. Important elements of the HD wallet:

- **Master Ticket**: The "password" at the top of the hierarchy that determines the ownership. All other secrets are derived from this. If the rest of the wallet is lost or compromised, the master ticket can derive everything. You'll log into Bridge with this. Always keep your master ticket extremely safe.

- **Management Proxy**: Derived from the master ticket. Can perform non-ownership related operations such as configuring Urbit OS networking keys.

> - **Keyfile**: Derived from the management proxy. Used as cryptographic proof that your Urbit ship it is who it says it is. You use it to start up your ship for the first time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Keyfile**: Derived from the management proxy. Used as cryptographic proof that your Urbit ship is who it says it is. You use it to start up your ship for the first time.
```

You can send and receive messages here, just like any other chatroom.

## Getting an Urbit ID (Planet or Star)

Tlon doesn't currently sell or distribute Urbit IDs, but there are a few ways to get your own:

- Getting an invitation from a friend
- Purchasing an Urbit ID from a third party, such as [urbit.live](https://urbit.live), [OpenSea](https://opensea.io), [planet.market](https://planet.market/), or [Urbit Marketplace](https://urbitmarketplace.com/).

> Note that if you buy a planet from opensea you may have to change its star, ask around in the `urbit-community` chat as a comet first for help before purchasing.

Reviewer: Should be noted here that this possibility of having to escape comes with buying a planet from _anyone_ not just opensea. You're more likely to have a problem there as it's not an urbit specific market, but it should be made clear this is not something specific to opensea.

3. Once you're logged in, click the `OS` option.
4. In resulting page, click the `Download Arvo Keyfile` button. You should receive a `.key` file that contains the secret needed to boot your ship. Hold on to this file.

## Hosting

There are two supported ways of running an Urbit ship: using a cloud service, or running it locally on your own machine. Most users run things locally at first, but we recommend using a cloud service for Urbit because it allows your ship to be accessed from anywhere on multiple devices. Hosting your ship in the cloud also allows it to always be online and ready for OTA updates. It's technically possible to run your Urbit ship on a home server, but ISPs often restrict this to business plans and opening up your home network to the internet can be unsafe if done improperly.

> Using a cloud service costs money, but it's more convenient to use than a local install.

Reviewer 2: Is a cloud service more convenient? It's more of a PITA in the short-term, but has all of the benefits listed above. I'm not sure this line is necessary.

Author: 👍 I was tempted to delete it, but I think it was already there in the mass of docs I removed. Will delete.

As mentioned before, stars are valuable. You are solely responsible for safeguarding your seeds and secret keys, and arming yourself with the computer-security knowledge that is attendant upon that safeguarding. You act at your own risk in reliance upon the contents of the manual. In no way is the Tlon Corporation responsible for the actions, decisions, or other behavior taken or not taken by you in reliance upon this manual.

It’s a good idea to store your keys redundantly in case one method fails. If you deem a key to be valuable enough, you can shard it into thirds and store each third in secure, geographically distributed locations. Consider these storage media options:

> - Storing the secret on a hardware wallet (such as a Trezor or Ledger) that is never connected to a networked machine.

Reviewer: Why was paper removed?

Author: I've read paper is just generally problematic (often destroyed/lost), I can add it back if you think we should have it.

Author: I opted not to add paper back here (I thought of adding it with a flood/fire caveat - I've just read a lot of disaster stories of keys lost on paper), seems like if we're going to suggest things we might as well suggest the two better options.

> - There are products that let you store the key on steel (such as Cryptosteel or BILLFODL). This medium is resistant to both water damage and fire damage.

Reviewer: Let's not mention specific products for this.

Reviewer: Honestly we should probably not for hardware wallets either.

Author: Will remove the specific companies

> - There are products that let you store the key on steel (such as Cryptosteel or BILLFODL). This medium is resistant to both water damage and fire damage.

Reviewer 2: It seems like there's some redundancy here now.

Author: Good catch - thanks

### Star: Setup And Install

> Because of their need for near-perfect uptime Stars should use cloud services. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Because of their need for near-perfect uptime Stars should be hosted on [cloud services](insert link here). 
```

Author: On this one I didn't include the link because the next line has the link to the guide. I did switch it to your language though.
